[Music]
Family first of all to everyone who is
watching this on YouTube please
subscribe it is completely free
among all being second in the link
of the live in the description in the
first line I think it has been put
also in the first line of
description I have put the link to
enter the telegram group of the
kids and so there are two notices every time
we start live bus and from time to
time we will make a call today if we have
time we will make a call okay if we have time we will make a
call
Dallas has answered
agua guarnizo
I just got this news the same one
here the earpiece dallas has
answered guarnizo
okay that on the one hand
and on the other hand juan guarnizo is
angry and has forgotten to set the
link member well you know how to do the
members now the next deal I
put it that they go down you say alzada with the
salt channels or because of the issue of the
titles and so on but I don't understand it I
'm going to see it to see what it is that he said
and so on because I understand it because it
has  angry
talking about little things since we are
talking about things I want to talk about something and
I would like this to reach as many
ears as possible not to the channels that have
misused my words
well let's see let's see editor
juan ok I want to talk and I know they're going to get
upset in the chat and they're going to say don't
go they're going to make three videos they're going to
make four videos I don't know what I'm doing the
other way I don't care javi I'm sending you some information it's
going to be private that's how I like it christ I
really want to talk about this because I don't like
things to be misinterpreted
since well we were here live
literally 10 seconds live is
what I'm going to say we were live we
were watching the chocas thing about what he
said and go to about chocas and
above he also mentions dallas ok that
dallas made a video and I quote
verbatim what I said I hope
dallas hasn't talked about the way you
answer about chocas
[ __ ] dude they just sued me it was my
friend feli
beyond sending a message my friend
face that tomorrow he's going to see life that
strong pay
being bitter of michael jackson I imagine
I'm cracking up haha ​​idea for something you
loved me or I imagine they play my
sister knows your word she doesn't know the
interpreted you said what you said you don't
speak ok what are they left she made a video and
I quote verbatim what I said I hope
dallas hasn't spoken in the way
chocas answered because dallas has
also recently made
very ugly comments towards some people
if in a way equal to or more aggressive
than chocas
then maybe my words have been
misinterpreted in a way that I don't
like at all to the point that several
channels here for example I want to read them
the title titles have made a
complete misuse of my words that I don't
like
youtuber or what was your title nothing
[ __ ] to the afa that the invention what was it
always I had libero
juanes and guarnizo against dallas I
don't see myself at any time against
dallas if believe and sincere I
'm simply saying that I hope he hasn't made
that comment about the comments
and responses of  dallas let's see sticky
take it off it hits him two here it is damn
but let's see if you're going to sack
someone then one
when he picks up cable [ __ ] salsa take off
that side
I hope there isn't I hope what he
said was something like that the words that he
said are verbatim but come on that's what it
means like I hope dallas wasn't
so hypocritical in criticizing
this when he did this something like that is the
meaning it comes to cdc because the truth
is that right now with the recent video that you
uploaded late os is a little
out of place and I follow it and I repeat it
10,000 more times also this because I see
people upset on twitter my opinion
of dallas remains the same as it has
been since I apologized but that does
n't mean that dallas can't make
mistakes or that they just sent me a
dozen private messages
how
how I
don't understand I scream faith I
don't understand christopher click on everything
well that any other person can't make
mistakes I have friends dallas
is not my friend and everyone knows it but if I
can tell them and  I swear on the sentry
box I like him he's a guy that I
don't have any kind of hatred or
resentment for
but even a close friend
can be wrong and I can say that
because liking someone doesn't
mean that you always
agree with that person eh and that's what
I've also told my community the
same thing I've said I am me well I
can say when I consider
him a friend if it's a strong personal thing
or something big well maybe not
but when there are controversies on youtube
that one argues with 11 makes a video
others do that I'm always going to have an opinion whether they
are my friends or not obviously it's not going to
be the same 40 an enemy a friend
obviously not but I'm not
going to say what I am about
the people on youtube whether they are my
friends or not you don't understand me it would be false not to
do it now it
seems to me that they may be picking up
a little cable you don't have to
agree with me on everything I say
hopefully we have common ground but it's not
about you being minions
follow everything I say because you have to have
something called
criteria you know there
are more titles that I don't like
but searching
there was a very ugly one that was getting
a lot of views and it seemed
completely out of place
to search
guarnizo exposes dallas and defends
chocas from a channel called cell tm I have
n't seen your video
[Laughs]
el cell hahaha he's getting a
lot of views on this channel he connects with
these controversies
let's see what I see he messes with dallas
called the hypocritical review let's
see what you're telling me privately
that dallas in his live this doesn't
always happen in this you're telling me
privately I don't know if it's true he's
family you're telling me but you're
saying okay by md that dallas
now the answer answered one but he does
n't use the disqualifications that he
used in his live that the other day the
dallas in his live when they
asked him about one he said pathetic
disgusting repulsive typical
cheap hater argument to make him say that he's not a
fake
you heard it christopher sixth minus
three putting it privately  you will be on the
live he used these
derogatory qualifiers rather not pathetic
disgusting repulsive typical
cheap hater argument
for him to say that he is not a fake I do not
understand what to say that he is a
fake I do not understand because he is a fake
because he would be a fake if that is what juan
says what I do not agree with what
wang said I am no longer relating
but the disqualifications are unnecessary
no because juan has not insulted him
pathetic disgusting repulsive
you can say that you find
his comments regrettable okay but
enjoying water when which one does not
enjoy you well no the truth and but I
understand them for them to say that he is a
fake or is a fake means to me
a fake would be to say one thing because it
deals with
the argument of juan's shaka was
absurd because it is not the same case as
dallas and choca that I do not even
understand why people are
comparing it is comparing it because they
need I think people are
comparing the choca asylum because they
need to justify the double standard
juan said the last click that  I didn't have
good words for Dallas and now he's
saying that he likes him no
no he
's good
Nava well you don't have me I
see you because with just the title I stop
for a vehicle the two of them don't matter to me the
two it's that he has no sense of
perception or listening at no
time have I defended Chos what
Chos did is completely
unpleasant and out of place what
Chos did I have not defended him
if I defended someone in my words the
other day it was Ibai
because because I was saying that many
people were expressing that Ibai had
defended Chos when clearly that
is not the case
if the only person who could have
defended that day was Ibai saying hey
iba and he didn't defend Chos it's that simple he
worried yes because he is a friend he
is a close friend
and I invite everyone to whom
this message arrives to do a
little retrospection look at what they
say before that many times one is their own
worst enemy and completely knocks down their
own arguments ok that
's the only thing I want to clarify I have not
defended Chos at no time I
felt like it I defended Chos the most those
are titles wang these two  titles that
we put and all but the month move and he
hit the dada he hit the dada
like putting a host it won't be until
which you are saying I hope that Dallas I hope that
Dallas is not incapable of the
literal words but I do hope that
Dallas is not capable of having said about
Choca in a bad person for those
comments when he the other day I don't know
what about killing people said I don't know what about
killing people understand me it's like what you
're saying is I
hope
with a little glove and white hand
the soft one is calling him eta
the popular opinion my popular opinion not
my personal opinion sorry towards Dallas
remains the same I have no
problem and the comment that I made I do not
consider it out of place this is not an
attack this is not a message of hate
this is not an I love you dead I hate you I
am the villain this is the fight from
now on we get along badly no people
can make mistakes and when opinions are
said with respect you can speak with
respect and that is important not because
you like someone but it is
clear that you can have an opinion with respect,
for example I am not in favor  I agree with
Agua's opinion the other day,
a
little regrettable sincerely comparing
one case with the other, it's a little
regrettable but oh well, it's over, which I
say with respect, nothing happens, in
fact, if Agua is insulting her
live, I see it as bad, I see it as regrettable
that she starts insulting a person,
well,
answer her in a different way, I
'll see, she responded, but I think
Juan is backing down because he doesn't want
problems with Dallas, it's like she's
letting loose. Here she is the other day because she
really thinks that way or will think that or
worse, okay, but now when it's been
seen that all the Salsa channels
are echoing her words, little
because she's picking up a little bit of
cable and she's getting pissed off like saying,
host, now when she finds
these videos, don't continue with these clicks, in the
end she's going to dedicate a video to me, that's
what I think is making water,
like she's trying to blame the
Salsa channels that have echoed
her words, that now I
can make a video for Dallas, I can respond,
okay,
and no, now it's said, it's done, let's
see what's  they responded to the and every
time and for a long time by the way it
reminded me a little of the
ridiculous realists like for example juan who
dedicated himself to comparing me with the chocas when
this by site the previous kabyle but I
say again they have said to me the
worst things that have been said to a
youtuber beds for so long that they have
done it during the level of harassment
that they have done to me I think I can say
without a doubt I am probably on
youtube both English and
Spanish speaking that more harassment more serious
for more publicity and more time I already have to
swallow by class of this
garbage I at least do not know another
gas like that there have been similar but
not with so much impact or so
widespread in time and that people like
juan or like ar and who was dedicated for
years ago shows sell products
on facebook and instagram when you make your
online store with they focus on fighting and
working and what does it have to do with it
and what does arin arin have to do
with the sandy subject has not said anything again the
half president has not
mentioned again what people like juan or like
ari  who was also dedicated for years
ago to using that same harassment also
called a lot of things to
affirm as is in a
super false video apologizing so that you can
attack each other at a time when they were super
weak and literally now I see very clearly
that they asked me for forgiveness only so
that I would not make a video for them at the time but
that he now dedicates himself to
comparing me to the socas because I
responded angrily to people who were not
only wishing me the aemet but also
a lot of other nonsense that they were
telling me after he himself and his
girlfriend dedicated themselves to saying sorry dallas
because we have accused you we have
slandered how to change things over
time it is curious the el fal would be to
falsify so infinite and it makes me
really compare the socas who
dedicated himself to threatening insulting and saying a
lot of nonsense to people who told him
that he played badly would alternate to me that they
have called me a pedo up
abuser up and violin
up and they have wished me all kinds
of possible have for god and that willy
literally returning to the subject is
dedicated to saying
head when there is literally the
only thing they did to him he can smoke a
joint in his living room and that's why you can
say the stupid things that we saw and that we're going to
see now you have to have them really fat
like
what is the [ __ ] joint man that the [ __ ] thing
for what nothing he doesn't stop saying what the
[ __ ] about the joint well stop
mentioning dada is it literal or is a joke
or what with what he
is at home and
a joint in his living room and essaui it sat
badly with him then in fact at home they got
angry this twitter is he retweeted it and
also responded which we understand that
mobile and he has not denied it either we
understand that this is the real version
of the story
how as
a little as I
know people did not understand what
was happening until someone
said willy had a party at his house and
went and smoked a cap in his living room and
wii did not sit well with him then he kicked him out
of his house they got angry this tweet
seriously he retweeted it and also responded with
which we understand
serious twitterer that
but  that
's a [ __ ] joke it's not a [ __ ] joke no mba that will hasn't denied it either we understand that this is the real version of the story let's get to this they are here in Andorra it's exaggerated all the youtubers in Spain and others who are not from Spain also live in Andorra where is
Andorra is the country with the most hypocrisies and the
most falsehoods per square meter in the
world stay with the story that
willie invited Greece to his house it's
left with this because we are going to
analyze it later but we are going to
ask ourselves why you invite
someone you dislike to your house of who exists
for them this happened but I think it's not
the truth I think now something else is in
between- Javier is my opinion but the
joint thing where does this come from
is a random who posted that tweet
it's like a [ __ ] joke no I
mean as if a rank puts a
yours-mine on me telling me
that I went to a hot dog
and since I don't deny it we have to make
this go as reliable I don't
understand that this has to come from somewhere
else you can't keep feeling
so much about the puppy for this alone, I
mean, it can't be, it can't be, but oh
well,
basically that's okay, basically juanma
picks up a little cable, what I see
is that the other day he wanted to hit
Dallas as an employee and
if they love us in the end don't get
involved in these leaf things, the
real ones, you know
how we can have an opinion on what you want,
obviously, but then the other one is going to
answer you and then the truth is, what he
answered is what
I thought the other day, it doesn't seem comparable
to the other one, it doesn't seem right to me that he
brings up Ariguani's things from the
past again, in the first place because if they already
apologized, they apologized, the apologies,
if you situate yourself, you apologize at the
time, then because you get angry about something else, it's
no use turning the saga in your face,
understand, that's why this
apology that we are that
Japanese for something else, for the gothic, for whatever it
is, it's
no longer valid, then he already canceled the
apologies that he tells you the other time, if that is
already an episode of the excuses, but
excuses now that now something else is happening to you,
for the goal, yes because in reality it's
late  or whatever is good okay, then you
get mad at them for something else but don't
bring up that they were in the past
first of all because someone isn't mentioning it
because they aren't mentioning it and
secondly because it has nothing to
do with it simply Juan what you're
saying is [ __ ]
mine has nothing to do with yours
or second dude wait a second I have the
kids here in the hallway
[Music]